We're writing a screenplay plan for a science fiction film "Mission Oflameron" using AI queries. We're using AI for technical analysis of a possible screenplay.
As AI develops, specialists will be found who will write a real screenplay based on these plans. Then, these specialists will generate and edit the action film "Mission Oflameron" in AI. https://github.com/vallshmeleff/ai-prompts-for-screenplay-plan/tree/main   
Currently, there are two active characters: scientist Jett and assistant Steeve. They are being "played" by Central Command (a government supercomputer).
Plot: Jett discovers information about an Ancient Virtual Consciousness that successfully survived the Big Bang (the birth of the Universe), possesses absolute knowledge, and has found the Transition Points to and from the Virtual World.
Central Command suspects this and wants to control everything.

Scientific and technical justification for the scenario

Prompt

Episode Num xxxxx343


A light-colored oval room with no windows, doors, or lamps. In the center is a round table and expensive office chairs. Respectable men in expensive suits occupy the chairs.
Some hold tablets on the table, others compact control panels. They are listening to the speaker (D).

(D) - Jett's documents, which were obtained, contain interesting data that aroused the interest of Central Command and led to the initiation of the MTLB project.
In short, Jett hypothesized that there may exist some wave form of Life or Consciousness that has existed for billions or tens of billions of years. Perhaps even hundreds of billions of years.
This Consciousness (possibly) is capable of transcending the Big Bang. Despite the fact that Consciousness is virtual or not material in its usual form, it can influence the material world as we know it.
But this influence is weak and extremely slow. In general, the entire process of time flow is unusually slow for such a Consciousness. What is "an hour" for it is thousands of years for us. This slowness led to at least two conclusions:
- We don't notice such a slow Consciousness in real life.
- Consciousness is forced to create other, faster life forms to achieve results faster. That's at least...
(Someone) - Do you want to say that Life as we understand it arose as a project of Virtual Consciousness?
(D) - That's just one of Jett's theories. Interestingly, this "Report" was presented at the ICLR 2026 conference, but it was ignored. No one was interested. Fortunately, the materials have been preserved.
(Someone) - Are you saying this happened back in 2026?
(D) - Don't rush. This is only a small part of the information related to Jett. It's much more serious. Central Command has opened a separate project on this topic. Do you understand the level of attention being paid to Jett? Well, an hour ago, the project was assigned a blue importance level.

A rectangular passage opens in the wall of the room. A man in a general's uniform enters. (G)

(D) - Mr. General! My colleagues have been briefed on the topic of the meeting. We can proceed to the main part.
(G) - Let's get straight to the point. We have reliable data on Virtual Consciousness. Transition Points have been created in Space, allowing one to penetrate from the material world into the Virtual World. To transition into a virtual form of existence. There is reason to believe that the reverse transition is also possible.

A slight noise erupts in the room. The people sitting at the table are clearly surprised.

(G) - Your agencies have been instructed to prioritize searching for and collecting any information about the Jump Points. This means not only physically searching for the Jump Points, but also analyzing decades of accumulated data, taking these circumstances into account.
(D) - I'll briefly outline the "circumstances" now.
(G) - Yes. Please.
(D) - One of the neural systems, performing routine work checking old DNA tests, discovered a complete match between Jett's DNA pattern from the 2000s and one of our paratroopers. And this is not a substitution.
(G) - Jett is a string you must pull to unravel the whole tangle. Its age is unattainable in ordinary life, and there are no other explanations for this yet.
(D) - The project plan is on your tablets. The relevant parts, of course. We will meet tomorrow for a more detailed discussion. Everyone must be prepared. Consultation is permitted only with systems approved by Central Command at least at level 1.

(G) leans toward (D) and they confer briefly.

(D) - Gentlemen! A moment's attention. We believe we need to clarify a few things. The task entrusted to us is of incredible importance. It is as important as the creation of nuclear weapons, artificial intelligence, or the decoding of the genome. Access to consciousness virtualization could provide unlimited existence.
(G) - God bless you, gentlemen!

http://moviescript.wikidot.com/

http://moviescript.wikidot.com/blog:11
http://moviescript.wikidot.com/blog:12

https://www.tumblr.com/blog/sci-fi-screenplay
https://oflameron.com

https://proposed-gray-cattle.myfilebase.com/ipfs/QmTb4AqMaWxpPMaGgpVfzMbTaxwdKTAujXRUFoYCikgQvW

https://www.tumgik.com/sci-fi-screenplay
https://www.tumbex.com/sci-fi-screenplay.tumblr/posts
https://www.tumlook.com/search/Mission%20Oflameron























